README.md, before:

# Adegorical
Adegorical is a function for performing advanced transformations on categorical data in python. 

This function can handle:
* Pandas series by returning a pandas dataframe
* Numpy column by returning an numpy array
* Python list by returning a list of lists

## Encoding Methods:
1. [Dummy](#dummy)
2. [Binary](#binary)
3. [Simple Contrast](#simple-contrast)
4. [Simple Regression](#simple-regression)
5. [Forward Difference Contrast](#forward-diff-contrast)
6. [Backward Difference Contrast](#backward-diff-contrast)
7. [Simple Helmert](#simple-helmert)

More information about the encoding methods can be found on [UCLA's Advance Categorical Variable Encoding](http://www.ats.ucla.edu/stat/sas/webbooks/reg/chapter5/sasreg5.htm) or this [Presentation by Harris Holly](http://slideplayer.com/slide/6307838/)

## Getting Started
```python
import adegorical as ad
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np

encoding_types = ad.help()
print(encoding_types)

['dummy', 'binary', 'simple_contrast', 'simple_regression',
'backward_difference_contrast', 'forward_difference_contrast', 'simple_helmert']

colors = ['yellow', 'red', 'green', 'orange', 'red', 'yellow']
pandas_frame = pd.DataFrame({'colors':colors})

binary_pandas_frame = ad.get_categorical(pandas_frame['colors'],
                                          encoding='binary',
                                          reference='red',
                                          column_name='binary')
```

| yellow_binary | orange_binary | green_binary |
| ------------- |:-------------:| ------------:|
| 0 | 0 | 0 |
| 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 0 | 1 | 0 |
| 0 | 0 | 1 |
| 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 0 | 0 | 0 |


## Todo
1. Forward Difference Regression
2. Backward Difference Regression
3. Simple Helmert Regression
4. Reverse Helmert
5. Polynomial
6. Regression Polynomial
7. Deviation
8. Deviation Regression

Commit message:

updated package description and description for external links

README.md, after:

# Adegorical
Adegorical is a python package for performing advanced transformations on categorical data. 

This function can handle:
* Pandas series by returning a pandas dataframe
* Numpy column by returning an numpy array
* Python list by returning a list of lists

## Encoding Methods:
1. [Dummy](#dummy)
2. [Binary](#binary)
3. [Simple Contrast](#simple-contrast)
4. [Simple Regression](#simple-regression)
5. [Forward Difference Contrast](#forward-diff-contrast)
6. [Backward Difference Contrast](#backward-diff-contrast)
7. [Simple Helmert](#simple-helmert)

The encoding methods in this package were built off of the work found on [UCLA's Advance Categorical Variable Encoding](http://www.ats.ucla.edu/stat/sas/webbooks/reg/chapter5/sasreg5.htm) and a [Presentation by Harris Holly](http://slideplayer.com/slide/6307838/). Unfortunately, UCLA removed the webpage from their website. [An archived version of the website is in this repository.](https://github.com/joshuabragge/adegorical/tree/master/Resources/UCLA%20Advance%20Categorical%20Variable%20Encoding%20Website)

## Getting Started
```python
import adegorical as ad
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np

encoding_types = ad.help()
print(encoding_types)

['dummy', 'binary', 'simple_contrast', 'simple_regression',
'backward_difference_contrast', 'forward_difference_contrast', 'simple_helmert']

colors = ['yellow', 'red', 'green', 'orange', 'red', 'yellow']
pandas_frame = pd.DataFrame({'colors':colors})

binary_pandas_frame = ad.get_categorical(pandas_frame['colors'],
                                          encoding='binary',
                                          reference='red',
                                          column_name='binary')
```

| yellow_binary | orange_binary | green_binary |
| ------------- |:-------------:| ------------:|
| 0 | 0 | 0 |
| 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 0 | 1 | 0 |
| 0 | 0 | 1 |
| 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 0 | 0 | 0 |


## Todo
1. Forward Difference Regression
2. Backward Difference Regression
3. Simple Helmert Regression
4. Reverse Helmert
5. Polynomial
6. Regression Polynomial
7. Deviation
8. Deviation Regression
